-> Number Programs 

1. write a program to check number is even or not 
2. write a program to check number is odd or not 
3. write a program to check number is divisible 3 or not 
4. write a program to check number is divisible 4 and 7 or not 
5. write a program to print message for following condition 
	- if number divisible by 3 - print "Mango"
	- if number divisible by 5 - print "Apple"
	- if number divisible by 3 and 5 - print "Mango and Apple"
	- otherwise print number 
6. write a program to check number is prime number or not 
7. write a program to print each digit of number 
8. write a program to print sum of each digit of number 
9. write a program to print product of each digit of number 
10. write a program to print factorial of number
11. write a program to print number in reverse
12. write a program to check number is palindrome or not 
13. write a program to check number is Armstrong number or not 
14. write a program to min number from 3 int numbers 
15. write a program to max number from 3 int numbers 
16. write a program of given table.
17. write a program to convert temperature Celsius to Fahrenheit
18. write a program to convert seconds into hours, minutes and seconds
19. write a program to count no. of digit of number
20. write a program to count prime number from 1 to 100

-> String Programs

1. write a program to accept String an display it.
2. write a program to print String in reverse
3. write a program to check String is Palindrome or not
4. write a program to count white space in String 
5. write a program to count vowels in String
6. write a program to check String is anagram or not 
7. write a program to convert String from lower case to upper case 
8. write a program to convert String from upper case to lower case
9. write a program to count words in String 
10. write a program to find a sub String in given String

-> Array Programs

1. write a program to accept value in array and show value of array (int and String)
2. write a program to print only even number from array 
3. write a program to print only odd number from array 
4. write a program to array accept only even number in array 
5. write a program to array accept only odd number in array 
6. write a program to print sum of array elements 
7. write a program to print average of array elements 
8. write a program to print array in reverse 
9. write a program to print product of array elements 
10. write a program to sort array in descending order
11. write a program to sort array in ascending order
12. write a program to print max number from array
13. write a program to print min number from array
14. write a program to print 2nd max number from array
15. write a program to print 2nd min number from array

-> Collection Programs

1. write a program to print elements from arraylist
2. write a program to print max element from arraylist 
3. write a program to print min element from arraylist 
4. write a program to print sum of arraylist elements
5. write a program to print product of arraylist elements
6. write a program to print average of arraylist elements
7. write a program to print arraylist in descending order
8. write a program to print arraylist in ascending order
9. write a program to print 2nd max number from arraylist
10. write a program to print 2nd min number from arraylist
11. write a program to remove duplicate elements from arraylist
12. write a program to print arraylist in reverse
13. write a program to print treeset in descending order
14. write a program to print treeset in ascending order
15. write a program to print treemap in ascending order
16. write a program to print treemap in descending order
17. write a program to print elements from linkedlist
18. write a program to print elements from hashset
19. write a program to print elements from hashmap
20. write a program to print elements from hashtable or properties
